# IT Project-Management

## Welcome!
TechAcademy seeks to shape the digital leader and thus drive and contribute to the digital transformation. So far, we have introduced participants to digital tools through our coding tracks, making it easier for them to develop a better understanding of technology. Although coding skills are important, a digital  leader also needs to have the necessary skills to generate and enforce new ideas. With the project management track we want to strengthen your innovative spirit and the required soft skills. 

In this track you will be introduced to the basics of project management using the design thinking framework to generate and test customer-centric ideas. Based on this idea you will develop an initial prototype with figma, which you will pitch at the end of the semester. Our mix of select online courses and a real-world semester project allows you to experience the phases of an IT project first-hand. We will help and guide you along the way to the best of our abilities!

Over the next months, there will be a total of five Coding Meetups, spaced out evenly where you will have the ability to meet your peers, work together on your project and receive help from your mentor. In preparation we partnered up with Udemy and thus you have free access to the Design Thinking and Figma course. Everything you will learn there, you can later use within your own project and solidify your knowledge. We will go over the course and establish a timeframe on how far you should have progressed before each meetup later on. 
In your project, you can work in groups of up to four team members. You can choose your teammates independently and we will not interfere with your arrangements. It is however beneficial to collaborate with students from different university faculties as this allows you to gain new perspectives on the project and tasks.
We are very excited to have you here and looking forward to this exciting semester with you!